ci: publish certification-testing and certificate-verification libraries (#224)
dfinity/response-verification: packages/ic-certification-testing-wasm/README.md

# Certification Testing

[Certificate verification](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/ic-interface-spec#canister-signatures) on the [Internet Computer](https://dfinity.org) is the process of verifying that a canister's response to a [query call](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/ic-interface-spec#http-query) has gone through consensus with other replicas hosting the same canister.

> This package provides a set of utilities to create these certificates for the purpose of testing in any Rust client that may need to verify them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a set of utilities to create these certificates for the purpose of testing in any Javascript client with `wasm` support that may need to verify them.
```
